Create quantile_at_value function for QDigest type (#14608)
prestodb/presto: presto-docs/src/main/sphinx/functions/qdigest.rst

    Returns the approximate percentile values from the quantile digest given
    the number ``quantile`` between 0 and 1.

> .. function:: quantile_at_value(qdigest(T), T) -> quantile

Reviewer: Previous change is lost after last push.

    Returns the approximate ``quantile`` number between 0 and 1

>     from the quantile digest given an input value.

Reviewer: Returns the approximate ``quantile`` number between 0 and 1 from the quantile digest given an input value. If quantile digest is empty, return 0.

>     quantile digest given an input value. If quantile digest is empty, return 0.

Reviewer 2: Let's also document the behavior when the value is outside of the range of the qdigest.

    Returns the approximate percentile values from the quantile digest given
    the number ``quantile`` between 0 and 1.

.. function:: quantile_at_value(qdigest(T), T) -> quantile

    Returns the approximate ``quantile`` number between 0 and 1 from the
    quantile digest given an input value. If quantile digest is empty, return 0.

>     If input value is beyond the min/max range of the quantile digest, return null.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Null is returned if the input value is outside of the range of the quantile digest.
```
